## Analyzing Company Revenue Data for Marketing 

This report is a deep dive into the revenue data generated by a mobile communications company, Megaline [practice dataset]. Our client Megaline offered two different phone plans in 2018, Ultimate and Surf. They have collected information on user behavior such as who the clients are, where they're from, which plan they are on, the number of calls they made, how much data they used and text messages they sent in 2018.

This report analyzes user behavior and identifies which plan produced the most revenue for Megaline in 2018. This report finds that the Surf plan generated more revenue for Megaline overall. Our findings were supported statistically: We conducted a one-tailed t-test that showed there was a statistically significant difference between the monthly revenue brought in by Surf users and the monthly revenue brought in by Ultimate users. 

Our data visualizations, however showed the more interesting details and connections between users and revenue generated under each plan. We can see that Surf is a cheaper plan however its users had a tendency to go over their plan limits for minutes, text messages and data quite often. On the other hand, Ultimate users were conservative with their allowances and rarely accrued fees for exceeding minutes, texts or calls on their plan. 

This report finds that the current marketing strategy has been successful and driven by user's beliefs on which plan is a better "deal" for them. It is advisable to keep both plans, as users who are presented with two different price points and package deals will sometimes push them to select the Ultimate plan. Although the Ultimate plan is available at a higher price point, users may believe this package deal is their best option since it will definitely cover their usage needs. 
