## Drawing Connections Between Users, Products and Sales
### Describing Sales Patterns in the Video Game Industry

This report analyzes video game sales data to gain an understanding about how features such as game genre, platforms and critic reviews inform financial peformance on a global scale. The video game industry is a billion dollar industry that can be mined for patterns and trends between users, product and sales. This triad is representative of an important set of connections in business analytics and gaining a better understanding of its dynamics within the video game industry may help to strengthen general business analytical approaches. 

This report outlines several rounds of Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA) and data visualization towards answering questions such as, "Which platforms are leading in sales? Which ones are growing and shrinking? How do user and professional reviews affect sales for different platforms? Can we generalize about genres with high and low sales?" 

In order to answer these questions, this report analyzes a dataset from The Entertainment Software Rating Board, and mostly centers on the years 2006 to 2016. This period of time spans definitive sales trajectories for several signficant platforms like PS2, X360 and Wii. Of course, this report also centers the dataset's unique data on ratings and reviews. 

For future consideration: The video game industry is uniquely qualified to shed light on competitive markets where partnerships between platforms and product have signficant impact on global sales and financial performance. This is one of topics touched on by researcher, Dmitri Williams, in the article "Structure and competition in the U.S. home video game industry" and also discussed on a closer, country-specific level by Aoyama and Izushi in their article, "Hardware gimmick or cultural innovation? Technological, cultural,and social foundations of the Japanese video game industry". The relationship between product and platform in the video game industry is not only an academic area of study but also generates headlines in 2020 on popular platforms like [IGN](https://www.ign.com/articles/microsofts-complicated-history-with-the-xbox-in-japan-and-its-plans-for-the-future) (See "Microsoft's Complicated History With the Xbox In Japan (And its Plans for the Future", 2020). 
